[Music]
Elijah has changed over the years he's
given up we keep him heavily sedated but
there is a reason for that
he's too smart for them he won't be
lonely anymore we have two new friends
[Music]
the three of you think you have
extraordinary gifts like something out
of a comic book I've developed an
effective treatment for this disorder
the light will force a different
identity to take over step away from the
controls so you're not gonna shake my
hand and let me walk out of here good
for you
what do you want I am here to see if
tales of the extraordinary being are
true
may I meet the beasts primary relevance
I need your abilities to get us all out
of here and shove the world we exist
that sounds like the bad guys teaming up
you believe you are an avenging angel
I'm within just
I have to get out of here before he gets
up they are contained they always
underestimate the master
it has become David I found someone will
require your full attention
you shouldn't be hiding in the shadows
you might want to try and stop us
a lot of people are going to die
now like a PB and J sandwich finally all
of us together for the world to see what
we are capable of you need to get out of
here
what have you done alight
[Music]